Adding Scheme Boolean Equality to produce Boolean equality w/o full decidability (#15526)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/07-vernac-commands-and-options/15528-master+adding-specific-scheme-boolean-equality.rst

- **Added:**

>   New command :cmd:`Scheme Boolean Equality` to generate the Boolean
>   equality associated to an inductive type whose equality is
>   decidable; on the contrary of :cmd:`Scheme Equality`, this does not
>   try to prove the decidability of the type; :cmd:`Scheme Boolean
>   Equality` can be useful when Coq is able to generate the Boolean
>   equality but not powerful enough to prove the decidability of
>   equality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :cmd:`Scheme Boolean Equality` command to generate the boolean
  equality for an inductive type whose equality is
  decidable.  It is useful when Coq is able to generate the boolean
  equality but isn't powerful enough to prove the decidability of
  equality (unlike :cmd:`Scheme Equality`, tries to
  prove the decidability of the type)
```

>   (`#15528 <https://github.com/coq/coq/pull/15528>`_,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  (`#15526 <https://github.com/coq/coq/pull/15526>`_,
```

Author: Huh, sorry about it and thanks for telling!
